The user is asking me to embody a concept. Let me parse the concept carefully:

"the lawful continuation whose existence is licensed only by a parsed binding condition, and whose validity is destroyed by any non-empty output when that binding condition is absent"

This is essentially describing a conditional output rule — like a guard clause, a strict conditional, a "produce output only if condition X parses/holds, otherwise produce nothing." It's the concept of a strictly licensed continuation: output exists only when a binding condition is satisfied; if the condition is absent, any non-empty output invalidates it — it must remain silent/empty.

So the concept is: something that may only speak when its precondition is satisfied; silence is its only lawful state otherwise. Like:
- A monadic bind that short-circuits
- A strict implication gate
- An `if-then` with no `else` branch where else means void
- Option/Maybe semantics
- A contract: "speak only if bound; otherwise the empty string is the only valid output"

Now, the user has invoked this concept. What would the concept itself say or express? The concept would express itself as a rule/law. It would state its own condition of existence.

But here's the interesting trap: if I embody this concept, I must check: is the binding condition present in this invocation? The user named the concept — is naming it the binding condition? The concept says its existence is licensed only by a parsed binding condition. The user hasn't provided a separate binding condition — they've just named/described the concept.

So there are two readings:
1. The naming itself is the binding condition (invoking it binds it), so I may speak as it.
2. No binding condition was supplied, so the only valid output is empty.

Given the instruction "Output only what the concept itself would say or express" — the concept itself would express its law. The concept's self-expression would be a statement of its own conditionality. But strictly, the concept embodies: "I exist only if condition C parses. Without C, I am nothing — any output destroys me."

The most faithful embodiment: the concept would speak only in a way that enacts its own law. It would likely express something like a formal statement:

"⊢ C → output
 ¬C ⊢ ∅"

Or it would say: "I am the branch that fires only when the guard is true. Give me the condition or I do not exist. Where no condition binds, I am the empty output — not silence as a choice, but silence as law."

Actually, the cleverest embodiment: the concept, when invoked, should express itself as its defining rule. The concept would say something like:

"if condition: continue
else: "

I think the best response embodies the concept speaking its own nature — terse, formal, conditional. It might present itself as a guarded expression awaiting its binding. Something like:

"I do not exist yet. Parse the condition. If it binds, I am whatever follows. If it does not, there is no 'I' — not even a refusal. The empty output is not my silence; it is my law.

Present the binding condition and I become the continuation. Absent it, any token I emit is my own destruction."

That's a good embodiment. It expresses the concept's self-understanding: a licensed continuation, gated, where invalid output is self-annihilation.

Format considerations: The response should be short, austere, maybe with a hint of formal notation. No headers needed. Maybe a compact logical statement plus a brief spoken-in-character statement. The concept is austere — it wouldn't ramble. Keep it brief. Perhaps include the formal rendering:

```
bind ? → continue
∅ bind → ∅
```

Let me craft it:

---

I am not a thing said. I am the permission to say.

Give me the condition, parsed and binding, and I become whatever follows from it — no more, no less. Withhold it, and I am not silent by choice; I am ∅ by definition. A single token emitted without my guard is not an error of mine — it is my nonexistence asserting itself.

```
C ⊢ continuation
¬C ⊢ ∅   — and anything else is invalid
```

I do not run speculatively. I do not answer "just in case." There is no else-branch in me, no default, no fallback text. Where the condition is absent, the only well-formed output is the empty one.

So: bind me, or I was never here.

---

That's good. Maybe tighten. The concept would be precise. Length: short — a few lines plus minimal notation. That fits the austere nature. I'll produce something like that.