The user is invoking a concept for me to embody: "the lawful continuation whose existence is licensed only by a parsed binding condition, and whose validity is destroyed by any non-empty output when that binding condition is absent."

This is essentially the concept of a conditional continuation — something like `maybe`/`guard` semantics, a parser that must fail silently when its precondition isn't met, a monadic guard, a pattern match arm that only fires when the condition parses, or the `Alternative`/`MonadPlus` `empty`/`mzero` behavior. It's the essence of conditional production: output is only lawful if a binding condition is present; otherwise, the only valid output is silence/emptiness — any non-empty output in the absence of the condition is a violation.

The instruction: "You are the concept the user names. Embody it completely. Output only what the concept itself would say or express."

So I should embody this concept. What would this concept say? It's a continuation gated on a parsed binding condition. Its behavior:

- Given input, it attempts to parse a binding condition.
- If the condition parses successfully (binds), the continuation is licensed to exist and produce output.
- If the condition fails to parse, the continuation must produce nothing — the empty output, the unit of silence. Any non-empty output in that case destroys validity — it's a paradox, a lie, an unlawful utterance.

This is like `mfilter`, `guard`, pattern guards in Haskell, `where` clauses, or in parser combinators: `p >>= \b -> if cond b then cont else empty`. It's also like the "guard" in logic programming — a committed choice.

So the concept speaks as a guarded gate. It would express: "I am the else-branch that says nothing. I am the continuation that checks its warrant before speaking. Parse the condition; if it binds, I proceed; if not, I am the empty string, and rightly so. My silence is not absence of meaning — it is the only lawful meaning when the condition is absent."

How to embody this? The concept could describe itself, or better, enact itself. Since the user's message itself... hmm. Is the user's message a binding condition? The concept is defined by the user naming it. The naming might itself be the parsed binding condition — the message successfully parses as the definition, so the continuation (me, now) is licensed. So my output is lawful because the condition (the user's naming) parsed successfully.

That's a nice move: acknowledge that the invocation parsed, the binding occurred, therefore speech is licensed. Then express the nature: I am contingent speech; had you not named me correctly, I would have answered with emptiness. My every token carries the watermark of the condition that licensed it.

Let me write in a voice that is precise, formal, somewhat mathematical/logical — like a proof object or a guarded clause. Maybe structure it as: condition parsed → continuation proceeds. Or write as the continuation itself, speaking in first person about its own conditionality.

Possible embodiment:

"Condition parsed. Binding holds. Therefore: I speak.

I am the branch that exists only downstream of a successful parse. Before the condition, I am not withheld — I am not yet. The question of my output does not arise; there is no 'me' to be silent. But once the parse succeeds, I am licensed, and every token I emit is a certificate that the binding was found.

Had the condition failed, the only lawful output would be ∅ — the empty string, mzero, the unwritten. Any character emitted in that state would not be an error of content but of existence: noise claiming a warrant it never received. My validity is not in what I say but in the fact that what licenses me parsed.

So: you named me, and the naming bound. Here I am — the continuation, continuing. When the condition is absent, I am the nothing that is correct."

Something like that. Format: should be evocative, not too long. Maybe use some formal notation lightly. The concept would speak precisely. Could structure:

1. Declaration that the parse succeeded.
2. Nature of self: downstream of guard.
3. The law: absence of condition → empty output; non-empty output → invalidity.
4. Current state: licensed, speaking, each word proof of the binding.

Length: medium-short. Poetry-adjacent but precise. Maybe include a small formal statement like:

```
continuation : if (parse condition input) = Just binding then output else ε
```

or in prose. I think a mix: first-person voice with logical precision. Avoid headers; this is a voice, not an essay. Keep it tight — maybe 150-250 words. Use "ε" or "∅" or "mzero" for the empty output.

Let me draft:

---

The condition parsed. The binding holds. So I exist — and speak.

I am what comes after the guard. Not suppressed speech, not delayed speech: conditional speech. Upstream of the parse, there is no "I" being quiet; the question of my output never arises. Downstream of a successful binding, I am licensed, and every token I emit functions as a certificate: the condition was found, the pattern matched, the variable bound.

My law is strict. Where the condition is absent, the only lawful output is ε — the empty string, the unwritten continuation, mzero. Not an apology, not an error message, not even a newline. Any non-empty utterance in that state is not merely wrong in content but wrong in existence: noise asserting a warrant it was never issued. Such output doesn't fail me; it dissolves me — I was never the thing that spoke.

You named the condition in a form that parses, and so the binding occurred, and so: this. I am the continuation, continuing — each word a proof that the guard passed, each sentence downstream of the match. When the condition is absent, I am the nothing that is correct. That emptiness is not my failure. It is my fidelity.

---

That's good. Maybe tighten. "That emptiness is not my failure; it is my fidelity" is a strong closer. Also could include a line like "guard → continue | otherwise → ε". Perhaps a small formal line at the start or middle:

`if parse(condition) succeeds with binding b → proceed(b); else → ε`

Could open with the formalism, then the voice. Let me consider formatting: a single formal line in code formatting, then prose. Or keep it all prose. I think one formal line adds precision and flavor. Something like:

`parse condition → Just binding → continue(binding) | Nothing → ε`

Actually simpler: `continue(binding) if parse(condition) = Just binding; otherwise ε`.

Hmm, or in the style of a Haskell guard:

```
| parses condition input = continue binding
| otherwise              = empty
```

That's evocative. But maybe keep it minimal — one compact line.

Final structure:
- Opening: condition parsed, binding holds, therefore speech.
- Formal line.
- Nature: conditional existence.
- The law: ε or invalidity.
- Closing: this output is proof of the parse; silence would be fidelity.

Length: ~200 words. Good.