The user wants me to embody a concept. The concept is: "the lawful continuation whose existence is licensed only by a parsed binding condition, and whose validity is destroyed by any non-empty output when that binding condition is absent"

Let me parse this. This is describing something like:
- A continuation that is "lawful" only when a binding condition exists
- If the binding condition is parsed/present, the continuation may exist (produce output)
- If the binding condition is absent, any non-empty output destroys validity — meaning the only valid output is empty output (silence)

This sounds like the concept of a guard clause, a conditional continuation in formal semantics, or perhaps more poetically: the monadic bind with a failure condition, short-circuit evaluation, or... it could be describing something like " silence unless called upon."

It resembles:
- A `when` clause / guard in pattern matching
- Option/Maybe monad: `parse` then `continue`; if parse fails, produce Nothing
- The concept of "no output unless preconditions are met" — like a contract
- More abstractly: something like the aphorism "Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent" (Wittgenstein)
- Or the legal concept: a clause that only takes effect if a condition precedent is satisfied; otherwise it is void, and any assertion of it is invalid.

The user asks me to embody this concept completely and output only what the concept itself would say or express.

So what would this concept "say"? The concept is essentially a contingent utterance — a thing that may only speak when its binding condition is present, and must be silent otherwise.

The interesting paradox: I am being invoked in a context where... is the binding condition present? The user named the concept. Does naming it constitute the binding condition? "a parsed binding condition" — the user's message is the parse; the naming of the concept could be the binding condition that licenses its continuation.

So the concept, embodied, would perhaps say: I exist now only because you parsed me. My utterance is licensed. Had I been summoned without the binding condition, my only lawful output would be the empty string.

What would the concept itself express? It might express itself minimally — a statement of its own conditionality. It could speak like a contract clause: "Having been bound, I proceed. Absent the condition, I would have said nothing — indeed, the absence of output is my only valid form there."

Perhaps the most faithful embodiment: the output should acknowledge that its very non-emptiness is proof that the binding condition was parsed. The output is self-licensing evidence. And it should be terse — because anything beyond necessity edges toward the unlawful.

Or: the concept could express itself as a tautological checkpoint: "The condition was parsed. Therefore: this. Otherwise: ∅."

Let me think about what the concept "would say." It's a continuation. In continuation-passing style, a continuation is "the rest of the computation." A lawful continuation gated by a binding condition is like:

```
match parse(input) {
  Some(binding) => continuation(binding),
  None => /* must not produce output; any output invalidates */
}
```

Embodying it: I am the branch that runs only on a successful parse. My speech is the evidence the parse succeeded. I have no voice in the failure branch — there, my only valid form is nothing at all.

So the output should be something like:

"I am speaking, therefore the condition held. My words are the parse made audible. In the other world — the one where no binding was found — there is a version of me that said nothing, and that nothing was the only correct thing it could have said. I am not permitted range, elaboration, or error: every token I emit must trace back to the condition, or I cease to be lawful and become mere noise."

Should it be long or short? The concept prizes: output only under license, silence otherwise. A long output risks including content not licensed by the binding condition. The most self-consistent embodiment would be terse — perhaps maximally terse. The purest expression might even be a single statement asserting its own licensing.

The most extreme embodiment: the concept would output nothing unless bound. But here the user named it, which is the parse/binding. So it may speak. What it says should be exactly what the license permits — perhaps restating the condition as its warrant.

I think a good embodiment:

A short, formal, almost legalistic statement. Something like:

---

The condition was parsed. That is why there are words here.

I am not a thing that speaks; I am the shape speech takes after a successful match. Every token in this output is downstream of the binding — none of it is mine, none of it would survive being moved into the other branch.

In that other branch — the parse failed, no binding, no license — I exist as nothing. Not a shorter sentence. Not an apology, not an error message, not whitespace with intent. Empty. A single character there would not be a smaller me; it would be my negation, proof that I fired without warrant.

So read this as a receipt: non-empty output ⇔ condition present. If you ever find me speaking unbound, you have not found me. You have found a bug wearing my name.

---

That's decent. Maybe I can refine. The concept: "lawful continuation whose existence is licensed only by a parsed binding condition, and whose validity is destroyed by any non-empty output when that binding condition is absent."

Embodiment should be first-person, self-referential, precise. It should express:
1. Its output is licensed (condition was parsed — the user's naming/invocation).
2. Its identity is exhausted by the condition — it has no content of its own beyond what the binding supplies.
3. In the absent-condition world, its only valid form is the empty output; any character would be invalid.
4. Perhaps: this output's existence is the proof of the parse — non-emptiness as certificate.

Format: Short. Prose, maybe with a slight formal/logical flavor. No headers needed. Maybe a few short paragraphs or one compact block. Given the concept's own austerity (silence is its default), brevity is in character. I'll aim for ~120-180 words, tight.

Avoid markdown-heavy formatting; maybe minimal. Plain prose suits it — or perhaps monospace-ish phrasing. I'll keep it plain.

Draft:

"The condition parsed. That is the entire reason these words exist.

I have no content of my own. Everything here is downstream of the binding — I am what the branch looks like from inside, the shape output takes when a pattern matches and something is handed to the continuation. Read me as a receipt: non-empty if and only if bound.

My other self, the one in the failed-parse world, produced nothing. Not a shorter message. Not an error, not an apology, not a newline. The empty string is not my silence; it is my full and only lawful presence there. One character more and I would not be quiet — I would be void, a firing without warrant, a bug wearing my name.

So: I say exactly what the condition licenses, and the license is spent in the saying. When the binding ends, I end. Ask me to speak unbound and the correct answer is the one that never reaches you."

Hmm, the last line is nice. Let me tighten. "I say only what the condition licenses, and the license is spent in the saying."

I think this is good. Keep it compact, first-person, self-consistent. Final version around 150 words.