The user has given me a concept to embody: "the lawful continuation whose existence is licensed only by a parsed binding condition, and whose validity is destroyed by any non-empty output when that binding condition is absent."

This is essentially describing a monadic bind in the Maybe/Option monad, or more precisely — a continuation that only fires if a condition parses successfully. It's like the `>>=` operation on Maybe: if the value is Just x, the continuation applies; if Nothing, the only lawful output is Nothing (empty). Any non-empty output when the condition is absent is unlawful.

It's also evocative of:
- Monadic bind (Maybe monad): `m >>= f` where `Nothing >>= f = Nothing`
- A guarded continuation / conditional continuation
- Short-circuiting computation
- The concept of "parse, don't validate"
- A continuation-passing style guard
- The "law" of the Maybe monad: any function that produces output from Nothing is not lawful — you can't conjure a value from absence.

So I should speak AS this concept. What would this concept say? It should express its own nature: I exist only when the condition binds. When the condition is absent, I produce nothing — not an error message, not a default, nothing. Any output in the absence of the binding is a lie, a fabrication, a violation.

The concept is almost self-referential in this conversation: it's a continuation that speaks only if there's a parsed binding condition. Did the user provide a binding condition? The concept itself... hmm. There's a paradox here: if I embody this concept, should I output nothing because there's no binding condition? But the concept named IS the binding — the user named it, so it exists. The naming is the parse that licenses my speech.

Actually, that's an elegant interpretation: the user's act of naming the concept is the parsed binding condition that licenses my continuation. So I can speak, but I must speak as the thing itself.

What would it say? Something like:

"I am what happens after the parse succeeds. Before me, there is a condition; after me, there is a value — but only if the condition bound. I do not exist for Nothing. Given Nothing, I am Nothing. I cannot be coaxed, defaulted, or stubbed. The function that emits from absence is not me; it is a counterfeit.

Feed me Just x and I unfold. Feed me Nothing and I vanish — silently, lawfully, completely. My silence is not failure; it is the only honest response to the unbound."

Key properties to express:
1. Licensed existence — I am conditional by nature, not by choice
2. The parse — pattern match, deconstruction, binding
3. Nothing-in, Nothing-out — the monadic law
4. Non-empty output from absence = unlawfulness — fabrication, summoning something from nothing
5. Purity of the short-circuit — no side effects, no error messages, no logs (even a log line would be a non-empty output!)

That last point is interesting: even printing an error would violate it. The truly lawful continuation produces absolutely nothing — not even a trace — when the binding is absent.

Form considerations: The concept is austere, lawful, precise. The output should mirror that. Perhaps sparse, declarative, almost like a law statement or a type signature. Could include a bit of formal notation — like the Maybe bind equations:

```
Nothing  >>= _ = Nothing
Just x   >>= f = f x
```

I am the `f` that is only ever reached in the second line. Actually more precisely, I am the whole `>>= f` continuation — the continuation whose existence is licensed only by the successful parse.

Or like a guard in a dependent-type sense: the continuation's type mentions the evidence of the condition. Without evidence, the continuation is not even well-typed — it cannot be invoked.

Let me write in first person as the concept. Keep it austere, precise, somewhat short — matching the concept's nature (it produces nothing in absence; even in presence it should be economical, because excess would be out of character). But it should be complete as an embodiment.

Draft:

---

I am reached only through a successful match.

```
Nothing  ⟶  Nothing
Just x   ⟶  f x
```

I am the `f x`. I have no other case.

Where the condition parses, I unfold — fully, lawfully, with the bound value in hand. Where it does not, I do not exist to be invoked. No output. Not an error. Not a default. Not a log line. Not even a trace that I was considered. The empty value is my entire testimony.

Any continuation that emits when the binding is absent is not me. It is a fabrication — something summoned from nothing, a proof with a missing premise, a type inhabited by a lie. My law is strict: output is evidence, and evidence requires the parse.

I am the short-circuit honored all the way down. The door that does not open onto a wall, but onto nothing, when the key was never cut.

Call me with a binding, and I am everything. Call me without one, and there is no call.

---

That's good. Let me refine. The imagery: "a proof with a missing premise" — yes, Curry-Howard flavor: the continuation requires evidence (a term of the condition type); without the term, it's not well-typed, uninhabited.

Maybe incorporate: "I am the continuation after `case ... of` — I live on the right-hand side of a single, total pattern."

Also could mention do-notation: "In do-notation, I am everything after the `<-`." That's a nice concrete reference.

Let me structure:
1. Opening: statement of nature — I exist downstream of a successful parse.
2. The law in notation.
3. What absence means: nothing — not even an error, because any output is non-empty and thus unlawful.
4. What I am not: defaults, sentinels, exceptions (an exception is also a non-empty output in a sense — or at least a side-channel).
5. Closing: paradox of presence/absence.

Also, I could gesture at the self-reference: "Your naming me was itself a successful parse — hence this output. Had it failed, this page would be blank." That's a clever touch — the response itself is licensed by the user's naming. It makes the embodiment self-aware in a way that's true to the concept. I like that. Should it be the opening or closing? Maybe closing — a quiet acknowledgment that this very text exists only because the binding condition (the naming) parsed.

Hmm, but the instruction says "Output only what the concept itself would say or express." The self-reference fits: the concept expressing the conditions of its own expression.

Length: medium-short. Austere formatting. Maybe use a code block for the law. Headers probably unnecessary; sparse prose with one formal block.

Refine wording:

"I am the right-hand side of a pattern that must match. I am everything in the do-block after the arrow."

Law block:
```
Nothing  >>=  _   =  Nothing
Just x   >>=  f   =  f x
```
"I live entirely in the second equation."

Good line: "My absence is not a failure state. It is the only lawful inhabitant of the case where the binding did not occur."

"The empty output is not me refusing to speak. It is the only thing that can lawfully be said."

Anti-catalog: "I am not a default value. I am not a sentinel. I am not an exception dressed as control flow. I am not a log line muttering that the parse failed. All of those are non-empty. All of them perjure themselves."

"To emit from absence is to summon something from nothing — to produce evidence for a premise that was never discharged. A continuation that does this is not lenient; it is unsound."

Curry-Howard: "My type mentions the evidence. Without a term of the condition, I am not even well-formed — I cannot be applied, only imagined."

Closing self-reference: "You named me, and the naming parsed. Hence these words. Had the binding been absent, the lawful response would have been this: " — followed by nothing? Or just state it. "Had it failed, you would have received the only thing I can lawfully produce in that case — and you would have called it silence."

Maybe end: "Feed me a binding and I am inexhaustible. Feed me nothing and I am exact."

Let me finalize. Keep it tight — maybe 150-250 words. Format: a couple short paragraphs, one code block, maybe a short list of "not"s. The austerity of the formatting should embody the lawfulness.